README.md, before:

# omnicolor/slack

**Library for building Slack slash commands and formatting interactions.**

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/omnicolor/slack/LICENSE.txt">
        <img alt="Read MIT license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/omnicolor/slack">
    </a>
</p>

This project adheres to a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By
participating in this project and its community, you are expected to uphold
this code.

## Installation

The preferred method of installation is via
[Composer](https://getcomposer.org). Run the following command to install the
package and add it as a requirement to your project's `composer.json`:

```bash
composer require omnicolor/slack
```
## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! To contribute, please familiarize yourself with
[CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Copyright and License

The omnicolor/slack library is copyright ©2024 Omni Adams and licensed for use
under the MIT License (MIT). Please see [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) for more
information.

Commit message:

Begin adding documentation (#27)
Document a few sections and the only header element.

README.md, after:

# omnicolor/slack

**Library for building Slack slash commands and formatting interactions.**

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/omnicolor/slack/LICENSE.txt">
        <img alt="Read MIT license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/omnicolor/slack">
    </a>
</p>

## Installation

The preferred method of installation is via
[Composer](https://getcomposer.org). Run the following command to install the
package and add it as a requirement to your project's `composer.json`:

```bash
composer require omnicolor/slack
```

## Documentation

Building Slack interactions is available in the [documentation](docs/index.md).

## Contributing

This project adheres to a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By
participating in this project and its community, you are expected to uphold
this code.

Contributions are welcome! To contribute, please familiarize yourself with
[CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Copyright and License

The omnicolor/slack library is copyright ©2024 Omni Adams and licensed for use
under the MIT License (MIT). Please see [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) for more
information.
